# Challenge 1: Christmas Shopping

A small christmas shop in your area is working on the automation of selling christmas items. The incoming orders have already been processed by one machine, but the shop thinks the program is acting weirdly.


## Task
Your task is to design a program that checks if a given order is correct. To do this, they hand you the list of requirements to check and see if an order is correct.

## Requirements

You will be given the following input:

- `B` - the amount of christmas balls ordered. (type: integer)
- `C` - the amount of chocolate cookies ordered. (type: integer)
- `M` - the month in which the order was placed. (type: integer)
- `T` - whether or not a tree was ordered. (type: boolean)

Your return should be a boolean (true/false).

The following requirements should be met:
- The amount of christmas balls should be a multiple of 6.
- The amount of cookies ordered must be a minimum of 6, and can be no more than 24.
- The order must have been placed before december.
- If the order was placed in november, it cannot contain a tree.
- If the order contains a tree, the maximum amount of cookies that can be ordered is 48.

If all of the requirements are met, the program should return `true`. If not, the program should return `false`.

## Example

```py
B = 6
C = 6
M = 10
T = true
return: true

B = 13
C = 7
M = 11
T = false
return: false

B = 18
C = 30
M = 12
T = true
return: false
```

## Submission

You can submit your code [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1SsjQ2lDbAs_g1H49ZS44y6Tw1KuX3sM9f6GKW_YaNaI).
